[+] Add Darlinchit (#159)
one-among-us/data: people/DarlinChit/page.en.md

---
name: DarlinChit
info:
    alias: Sakuya
    location: Wuhan, Hubei
---

> ## Description
> 
> Sakuya had been particularly interested in program and internet since her childhood, and she loved playing role-playing games and simulation games. She was also fond of game develpment. She took part in the development of many games such as *Pokémon Go* and *The Headmaster*. Besides, she was skilled at stock trade and video editing.
> 
> She had founded a company by herself, but it closed down due to financial problems. She almost lost her livelihood, and she cannot make a comeback. Then she went to Shanghai and lived for a period. During the time in Shanghai, she always worried about financial problems and so on. But with the help of her friends, she got through a difficult time quite happily.
> 
> Sakuya wrote these words in her will:
> > "My death is irrelative to everyone, it's only my personal choice. Please don't hate other people for that. Please live well for yourselves, with sunshine and happiness."
> 
> Rest well, Sakuya. Hope you be happy all along and have a blissful trip to the heaven.
> 
> Contributor for this entry：Nanami

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Description

Sakuya had a passion for programming and the internet since her childhood. She loved role-playing and simulation games and was keenly interested in game development. She contributed to developing many games, including "Pokémon Go" and "The Headmaster". Besides being a talented programmer proficient in languages like Java, PHP, and C++, Sakuya was also skilled in stock trading and video editing. She once founded a translation group.

She started her own fashion company, but it closed down due to financial problems, leading her to lose almost all her economic sources. It was challenging for her to make a comeback. Subsequently, she moved to Shanghai for a while. During her time in Shanghai, although she often worried about financial issues, she managed to spend her days in relative happiness, thanks to the company and support of her friends.

In her will, Sakuya wrote:
> "My death is unrelated to anyone else; it was purely my personal choice. Please do not hold resentment towards others because of it. Live well for yourselves, with sunshine and happiness."

Rest well, Sakuya. May you find happiness and peace. Wishing you a smooth journey to the stars.

Contributor for this entry: Nanami
```
